Update API-CHANGELOG.md for release 2.0 (#4828)
XRPLF/rippled: API-CHANGELOG.md

  removed from the [ledger subscription stream](https://xrpl.org/subscribe.html#ledger-stream), because it will no longer
  have any meaning.

## API Version 2

> API version 2 is introduced in `rippled` version 2.0. Users can request it explicitly, using `"api_version" : 2` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API version 2 is introduced in `rippled` version 2.0. Users can request it explicitly by specifying `"api_version" : 2`.
```
